


Save 75% on Dishonored™ - Buy and download on GamersGate






































#MAR_topmenu li a  { padding-left: 0; }#MAR_topmenu li a span  { padding-left:0; background-image: none; letter-spacing:0.05em;   }#MAR_topmenu li.btn_start a span  { padding-left:20px; background-image: url(/img/icons/topmenu_home.png); }
JOGOS EM BREVEOFERTAS$1 OR LESS    









Dishonored™



R$34.90

-75%



R$8.72


or

2,620

Blue Coins









COMPRAR

DRM: Steamworks


REGALAR ESTE JOGO



ADICIONAR A MINHA LISTA DE DESEJOS



 
                    Alertar quando o preço vai para baixo                















75%














Tweet










SCREENSHOTS


































































RESUMO DO JOGO




Dishonored™




 

Rating: 4.7 (2009 votes cast)






Dishonored is an immersive first-person action game that casts you as  a supernatural assassin driven by revenge. Creatively eliminate your  targets with the flexible combat system as you combine the numerous  supernatural abilities, weapons and unusual gadgets at your disposal.  Pursue your enemies under the cover of darkness or ruthlessly attack  them head on with weapons drawn. Regardless of your actions, the outcome  of each mission plays out based on the choices you make.
Dishonored is set in Dunwall, an industrial whaling city where  strange technology and otherworldly mysticism coexist in the shadows.  You are the once-trusted bodyguard of the beloved Empress. Framed for  her murder, you become an infamous assassin, known only by the  disturbing mask that has become your calling card. In a time of  uncertainty, when the city is being besieged by plague and ruled by an  oppressive government armed with neo-industrial technologies, dark  forces conspire to bestow upon you abilities beyond those of any common  man – but at what cost? The truth behind your betrayal is as murky as  the waters surrounding the city, and the life you once had is gone  forever.
Features


Improvise and Innovate - Approach each  assassination with your own style of play. Use shadow and sound to your  advantage to make your way silently through levels unseen by foes, or  attack enemies head-on as they respond to your aggressiveness. The  flexible combat system allows you to creatively combine your abilities,  supernatural powers and gadgets as you make your way through the levels  and dispatch your targets. Improvise and innovate to define your play  style.
Action with Meaning - The world of  Dishonored reacts to how you play. Move like a ghost and resist  corruption, or show no mercy and leave a path of destruction in your  wake. Decide your approach for each mission, and the outcomes will  change as a result.
Supernatural Abilities - Teleport for  stealth approaches, possess any living creature, or stop time itself to  orchestrate unearthly executions! Combining your suite of supernatural  abilities and weapons opens up even more ways to overcome obstacles and  eliminate targets. The game’s upgrade system allows for the mastery of  deadly new abilities and devious gadgets.
A City Unlike Any Other - Enter an  original world envisioned by Half-Life 2 art director Viktor Antonov.  Arkane and Bethesda bring you a world where industry and mysticism  collide, creating an atmosphere thick with intrigue. The world is yours  to discover.

© 2012 ZeniMax Media Inc. Developed in association  with Arkane Studios. Dishonored, Revenge Solves Everything, Arkane,  Bethesda, Bethesda Softworks, ZeniMax and related logos are registered  trademarks or trademarks of ZeniMax Media Inc. in the U.S. and/or other  countries. All Rights Reserved. 
 





Platforms:

                                                PC                                            


Categories:
Ação, Tiro em primeira pessoa


Publisher:

Bethesda Softworks®                                                                

Developer:

                                                Arkane® Studios



Release:
12 Oct 2012 09:00 (UTC+02:00)


DRM:
Steamworks (Requires a third-party download and account)


Features:

Single-player
Auto-patching



Languages:

                                                English
                                                French
                                                German
                                                Spanish
                                                Italian




System Requirements


OS: Windows Vista / Windows 7
Processor: 3.0 GHz dual core or better
Memory: 4 GB system RAM
Hard Disk Space: 9 GB
Video Card: DirectX 9 compatible with 512 MB video RAM or better (NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 / ATI Radeon HD 5850)
Sound: Windows compatible sound card 



Note: This product requires a third-party download and account







REVIEWS









Seu carrinho está vazioSeu carrinho está vazio CADASTRE-SE ACESSE SUA CONTA UsernameSenha



Esqueci minha senha 

MINHA BIBLIOTECAMeus jogosMinha lista de desejosMinhas realizaçõesMeus amigosCentro de presentesMINHA CONTAConfigurações da contaSite settingsCENTRAL DE AJUDA FAQsuporte


 

GAME CATALOGOfertasGAMETUTORRecompensasFAQsuporteSite settingsSobre GamersGateEntre Em Contato Conoscotermos de usoA política de reembolsoPopular searchesSite map

Gamersgate AB 2018 | All rights reserved. 








